add sound drop in the title and copy the
VCR fiscal projections for huh great
work when you're going to get higher to
put this together I did it in house
bringing a computer home was a pretty
big deal in our family and we couldn't
wait to set it up
pop read all the instructions but we
kids knew a simple keyboard mouse
printer bingo it didn't take a rocket
scientist but pop took no chances
according to this the procedure looks
very supple you want the honors now came
the moment of truth can pop start it
would it actually work the suspense was
too much until welcome to macintosh
welcome to the martinellis never
performer had a demo that may learn and
use it easy good what do I do now click
here mom right from the start everybody
could best of all the computer came with
all kinds of programs ready to use there
are programs for writing and trying
programs for managing money too and the
performer was packed with multimedia
had a full encyclopedia with pictures
and sound the family doctor and it came
with a 3d atlas that was so cool you
could believe you're anywhere on the
planet no it didn't take long to get the
hang of things and mom proved it she put
together the first ever Martinetti
family newsletter she took pictures we
had from videos made those part of it
too in which he printed it out I could
almost sets a new career in the mail Wow
media mogul of course pop was quick to
bring us back earth all right I'm you
know Zack remember our deal earn a
hunter points and I pay for the computer
otherwise how do we get points well
here's what I've worked out hmm you do
your homework on the computer you get a
point you raise your grade you get two
points no no no no come on that's worth
at least ten all right I have to hand in
the top five points he never makes a
decision like I use it for business if
you told him this computer could take
him to the moon he'd want to go three
times to make sure it's just an
important purchase mer I want to make
sure everybody uses it what did I tell
you the funny thing was the computer fit
into our family just like it belonged
I mean it really helped us all in
different ways mom found she could do
her whole greeting card business with it
she could design new cards and make
changes just like that I like that
better
to send a copy to her publisher she just
baxt it right from the performa open lot
insane
Zoey had a whole other universe to
explore she loved learning with
multimedia and couldn't get enough she
could read stories that came to life
that week everyone in Arthur's class
studied harder then and that taught her
things about the world
Fletcher had said there were thousands
of cd-roms out there I believed it and
Zoe would have had them all if she could
for me I like that our computers
Macintosh because that's what our school
has and the max at school had tons of
stuff I news
only now instead of staying late I could
bring my work home
I could use our computer to put it
together I can make reports with
pictures and sound that we're just
fantastic
I believe that this nation should commit
itself to achieving the goal before the
Libya Libya I think it was grabs though
who did the most amazing thing
he figured out all kinds of stuff to do
at the computer and he discovered he
world the online service from Apple
grabs had never seen an online service
but before you knew it